hey how's it going guys this is Dave 2d
and this is a video on the asus ux305
great device is actually one of my
favorite Asus devices from last year
there's actually one of my favorite
ultra books from 2015 but this is the
successor it's been upgraded across the
board let's take a look the exterior is
very similar to the 305 essentially the
same shape and size the top surface has
that radial brushed finish again the
bottom is the more standard texture to
open it up you need to remove the t5
screws and then there's two more screws
under the feet it's kind of troublesome
to get in there but once you're inside
you'll find a removable m2 SSD and then
there's 8 gigs of ram which are soldered
on there is an option for 16 gigs of ram
if you need it now compared with the XPS
13 and the Razer Blade stealth it's the
biggest of the bunch but it's still a
relatively small package it has the same
amount of material flex as a 3:05 from
last year I know it looks pretty
dramatic on camera but I'm twisting this
thing pretty aggressively the chassis
isn't as rigid as I'd like it to be but
the overall build quality is good the
hinge tension on the screen is perfect
you can open and close it with one hand
but the bottom of the screen hits the
table when you open it up
so the 3:05 had little feet that kind of
helped it keep it off the table those
feet aren't on the 3:06 but I don't
think it's an issue the edge doesn't
seem to scratch my table it's a little
skimpy on ports there's one USB type a
and audio jack and an SD card slot and
on the other side there's a USB C micro
HDMI and that's it there's one USB a1
use BC and the USB C port doesn't even
support Thunderbolt 3 so not a ton of
ports but it should be enough for most
people the screen looks to be the same
as the ux305 this one here is the 1080p
non-touchscreen
it's a matte finish viewing angles are
ok not amazing but it gets bright at
around 320 nets and the color accuracy
is pretty good
there's an HD webcam up top this is what
it looks like the speakers are still
located on the bottom but they sound
better this year they're not super loud
and they still don't have a lot of bass
but they sound clear or at least clearer
than how I
remember the ux305 one sounding the
keyboard has backlighting now which is
something that I know a lot of people
wanted on last year's model it's pretty
spacious to type on the arrow keys are
small but the layout is good and none of
the keys feel uncomfortable to use the
keystroke isn't as responsive I'd like
it to be it's supposedly a one point
five millimeter travel but it feels
shorter to me and I'd say overall it's a
pretty average but decent typing
experience the trackpad has been
improved the earlier ux305 units had a
weird clicking issue that's been
resolved it's a big plastic surface and
it uses native Windows drivers so
tracking is really good I wish the
texture was a little bit smoother but
there's no skipping and the buttons and
the gestures are also really responsive
the SSD that they include is a SATA
based m2 so it's not super fast system
performance otherwise is good more than
capable for any kind of work you do on
this it's running the Intel HD 520
graphics chip so gaming isn't its strong
point but lighter games are still pretty
playable as long as you're running on
the lowest graphics settings and the
lowest resolution so even something like
overwatch can hit 50 or 60 frames per
second as long as you don't mind the
pixelation the performance here is a
really nice step up from the core em
chips that some of the earlier ux305
shipped with last year and also if you
want 1080p video editing is viable just
make sure you're using an external drive
in terms of fan noise it's very quiet on
idle not quite silent but it's close on
load the fan noise picks up but it never
gets super loud thermally it has a
pretty average heat output it features
something called asus iSchool which
supposedly keeps the palm rest cooler
and it does but I'm not really seeing
that much of a difference between this
and any other Ultrabook to be honest the
battery life has been bumped up it's a
57 watt hour battery and it takes about
three hours to charge seven half hour
battery life maybe a little bit less
depending on what you're doing okay so
the asus ux305 in shape and size the
1080p screen is good but it's not a
touchscreen the keyboard is respectable
and the backlighting is a nice addition
this year the trackpad is improved and
uses native drivers which is nice the
dual-core skylake i7 is more than enough
for anything you'd want to do on an
ultrabook
and it's well cooled without being too
loud the eight gigs of ram are soldered
on and
and to be replaced the 512 gig SATA m2
stick can be replaced but it's not easy
to open up and finally we have a battery
that allows you around 7 hours of
regular use so I really like the ux302
3:05 and fixed the 2 biggest problems I
had with it last year they added a
backlighting for the keyboard and they
fix the trackpad now it's still not a
perfect device I wish I had done about
three and I wish there are more use B
ports but aside from that I think issues
did a fantastic job on this device it's
definitely my favorite Asus Ultrabook
available right now that's the end of
this video hope you guys liked it thumbs
have you liked it
subs if you loved it it's been nice see
you guys next time